Add Twitter, github,Linkedln,Facebook,Substack  in the footer as Linkedln is already Added ! and in Copyright section, add 2018-2025 Ashikur Rahaman Also In Proffesional Journey!Add Operation Manager Sept 2021 - July 2022 Biconomy Biconomy is a centralized cryptocurrency exchange founded in 2019, offering services like spot and futures trading, staking, and a wide selection of cryptocurrencies. It is known for its user-friendly interface, security measures, and support for both beginner and experienced tradersdApp Developer - Contract - Iotex February 2024-MArch 2025oTeX (IOTX) is a decentralized blockchain platform that serves as the foundational infrastructure for Real-World AI and the Internet of Things (IoT). It connects physical devices (sensors, cameras, machines) to decentralized networks, enabling secure, verifiable, and real-time data flow for AI systems and dApps. Software Engineer - Saga Lab - March 2025 - Present Saga Lab is an interdisciplinary AI innovation research lab dedicated to integrating artificial intelligence into the humanities. Their mission is to revolutionize teaching, learning, and research by developing culturally and linguistically competent AI systems.Also Spupay Logo is - https://images.crunchbase.com/image/upload/c_pad,h_160,w_160,f_auto,b_white,q_auto:eco,dpr_1/71d6ffaa91f04f8b93878e3b5ffabec2?ik-sanitizeSvg=trueAdd Chain Animation all over the Website that Looks Attractive!Lets talk more detailed about the Leadership and VenturesSpudPay :   SpudPay is an innovative financial technology platform that leverages blockchain technology to facilitate seamless cross-border transactions. Designed to transform the way individuals and businesses conduct international payments, SpudPay aims to make these transactions faster, more transparent, and cost-effective. Spudpay is a Blockchain-basedMobile Financial Service (MFS) that will redefine the way people handle money — from C2C, B2C, and B2B transactions to crypto gateways, remittances, and digital banking solutions.SpudBlocks : SpudBlocks is a dynamic team of tech enthusiasts and seasoned professionals specializing in the blockchain and cryptocurrency sectors. Our mission is to facilitate the advancement of businesses, irrespective of their scale, by leveraging the potential of the web3 landscape. By harnessing pioneering strategies and state-of-the-art technology, we arecommitted to delivering unparalleled solutions that empower our clients to surpass their objectives and foster continuous development.Ascendex : AscendEX (formerly known as BitMax) is a global cryptocurrency exchange platform that offers a comprehensive suite of financial services for both retail and institutional clients. Founded in 2018 by a group of Wall Street quantitative trading veterans, it is headquartered in Singapore and known for integrating centralized exchange features with elements from the decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem. AGT Venture : Ash Group of Technology (AGT) is a forward-thinking and diversified joint venture, uniting a wide range of technology-driven businesses under one visionary umbrella. AGT is committed to innovation, collaboration, and excellence across multiple sectors of the tech industry, driving impactful solutions and shaping the future through cutting-edgeadvancements. Backed By 115.1M$ Investment Via Zhou Group 